1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

Seeing the differences between two versions of a file will help me see the bug that
was introduced because you can see what changed between the two versions. This can help 
find a bug because if there were to be a typo, you could see it in your changes.

2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

Having easy access to the entire history of a file will make you a more efficient programmer
because if you made a change you did not like, you can easily revert back to previous
changes of your file.

3.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit,
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros: no unnecessary saves, user gets to choose when to save
Cons: user errors like forgetting to save, or saving too often

4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one
commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git is mainly used for coding, and since coding often needs multiple files to make a program
work, allowing multiple files to save in one commit is better for coding. Google Docs, however,
is not intended for the purpose of coding, and most documents created do not need other files
to run. Therefore, it is better for Google Docs to save files seperately because of its use.

5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

You can use git log to see who made previous changes to the files and when they made
the changes. You can use git diff to see what the users have changed between commits.

6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Using version control will make you more confident to make changes that could break something
because if you do end up breaking something, then you could always revert back to an older 
commit of the code very easily.

7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to try using Git for storing my code repositories. 

